
1. Avatar: On the distant planet of Pandora, a disabled marine finds himself in the middle of a conflict between the native Na'vi and human colonizers.
2. Titanic: A love story unfolds on the ill-fated maiden voyage of the RMS Titanic between Jack and Rose, from different social classes.
3. Star Wars: The Force Awakens: The First Order rises from the ashes of the Empire, and Rey, a desert scavenger, discovers her destiny.
4. Avengers: Endgame: The Avengers assemble one final time to undo Thanos's destruction and restore order to the universe.
5. Jurassic World: A theme park's new attraction, a genetically modified giant predator, escapes containment and goes on a rampage.
6. The Lion King: Simba, a young lion prince, flees his kingdom only to learn the true meaning of responsibility and bravery.
7. The Avengers: Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army.
8. Furious 7: Dominic Toretto and his crew are targeted by a cold-blooded black-ops assassin with a score to settle.
9. Frozen II: Elsa embarks on a journey with her friends to discover the origin of her magical powers and save their kingdom.
10. Beauty and the Beast: A young woman is taken prisoner by a beast in his castle, only to learn that true beauty comes from within.
11. Inception: A thief who steals corporate secrets through dream-sharing technology is tasked with planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.
12. The Dark Knight: Batman must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests when he battles the Joker, a criminal mastermind.
13. Interstellar: A group of explorers make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel.
14. The Matrix: A computer hacker learns about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
15. Gladiator: A former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery.
16. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King: The final confrontation between the forces of good and evil fighting for control of the future of Middle-earth.
17. Skyfall: James Bond's loyalty to M is tested when her past comes back to haunt her, and MI6 comes under attack.
18. The Godfather: The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his empire to his reluctant son.
19. Pulp Fiction: The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster's wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
20. The Shawshank Redemption: Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
